DevelopmentPlan:
================
This Document describes the software development plan for the AGSE.

We will develop the AGSE software in the following phases: (1)) simple kinematics and actuator control, (2) simple sample detection, (3) simple Payload Bay detection, and (4) extension of base functionality.

The actuator control will use the knowledge of the kinematics of our AGSE system and integrate them with the sensor feedback at key locations to provide an up-to-date precise model of the current state of the AGSE system.  Using this state knowledge and the kinematics equations, we will develop the software to precisely position and orient the gripper of our AGSE.  This functionality will allow the AGSE system to take as input the relative positions and orientations of both the sample and the payload bay.  From those inputs the AGSE will navigate to and grasp the sample, navigate to the payload bay, and insert the sample.  

The sample detection will use the edge detection and line detection algorithms described in the image processing design section, and will be based off of off-the-shelf software designed to run on our hardware.  This subsystem will provide the AGSE with the functionlity required to autonomously detect the location and orientation of the sample, removing the requirement of sample position and orientation as input to the system.  

The Payload Bay detection with use image-based fiducial detection that will provide the AGSE the ability to detect the position and orientation of the Payload Bay.  With this subsystem's functionality, the AGSE will no longer need input about the position and orientation of the Payload Bay, removing all of its required inputs and allowing it to fulfill its mission goals autonomously within its operational range.  

The final phases of the AGSE development center around the addition of capabilities related to fault detection and mitigation, as well as research into the areas of weight reduction and compactification.  